They're dead.
A life is lost.
Boy, I'm giving you one last chance
Kneel down and confess
Or die
I also give you one last chance
Kneel down and admit your mistake
Otherwise the thunder will go out
Good wind good wind
This guy is completely crazy
Forestry, you are really courting death
This time, even if the eldest lady of the Qin family tries to protect it
You returned dad
He was crazy and dared to say that he wanted to destroy the Lei family
Forestry you
Okay, okay, I've already given you face.
You not only don't want
Also kicked the nose
Do you know what kind of existence I am Reja?
Under the World
Except for Kunlun, who is about to peak
Who is willing to destroy our house?
Coincidentally, you met today
I am the successor to Kunlun
New Lord of Kunlun
What are you the Lord of Kunlun?
Li Yi, are you crazy?
As soon as you believe that the Laogai Regiment has emerged as the Lord of Kunlun
He must be practicing martial arts in prison
Heavy or heavy front
I was delirious.
Grandpa, look at this grandpa
How dare you pretend to be the Lord of Kunlun?
If such a person insults our Qin family
Wouldn't that bring disaster to the Qin family?
Don't be a kid
Your medical skills are good
But that doesn't mean you can speak freely
Write down the account number
I'll call you for free and get out of here
There is no way my daughter will marry you.
Forestry, what are you doing?
Withered Lord is not to be offended
That's not a joke.
Mingyue, you shouldn't be like this
I can't finish.
Let's pretend to be a difficult pillar
I'm guilty of this
Even the Magic City Thunder General
Kyoto Zhao Zi also did not dare to take the risk
Six Dynasties of Kunlun
Who dares to question you?